Riot Developer Portal
APIs
Docs
Developer Portal
League of Legends
Legends of Runeterra
Teamfight Tactics
Valorant
Riftbound
2KXO
Policies
General
Game Specific
Riftbound
Faqs
Channels
Blog
Twitter
Discord
Issue Tracker
Support
Login
Overview
Core Policies
Product Registration
Monetization
Game Integrity
Tournament Policies
Developer Safety
Terms
·
Privacy
© 2021 Riot Games, Inc. All rights reserved. League of Legends and Riot Games are trademarks, service marks, and registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.
Policies
LAST UPDATED: MAY 29, 2025
Overview
Our goal is to provide developers with a set of tools to create products that will enrich the Riot Games community and provide better player experiences. When working with the Riot Games API and other Developer Tools, we have several conditions set forth in our
Terms of Use
and
Legal Jibber Jabber
. Please be sure that you are familiar with those documents prior to developing your product. In addition to those documents, we also provide the following General Policies that all products in the Riot Games third-party ecosystem must adhere to. Failure to meet these policies may result in either suspension or cancellation of your API access or legal recourse.
In order for these policies to best serve the Riot Games ecosystem, they will inevitably change over time. As a result, developers must remain up to date with these policies. Developers are expected to adhere to these policy changes as they arise.
Core Policies
Products cannot violate any laws
Do not create or develop games utilizing Riot’s Intellectual Property (IP)
No cryptocurrencies, no blockchain
Products cannot closely resemble Riot’s games or products in style or function
Use the following assets in the development and marketing of your product:
Data Dragon
Press Kit
Using Riot logos, trademarks etc. from the Press Kit must be limited to those cases where such use is inevitable to serve the core value of the product
TFT Assets
LOR Assets
You must post the following legal boilerplate to your product in a location that is readily visible to players
[Your product] isn't endorsed by Riot Games and doesn't reflect the views or opinions of Riot Games or anyone officially involved in producing or managing Riot Games properties. Riot Games, and all associated properties are trademarks or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.
Product Registration
All products must be registered in, and audited by Riot Games through the Developer Portal
Any new features or changes to a product must be audited through the product’s page in the Developer Portal
Products should use supported services from Riot Games for data ingestion
If your product utilizes the League Client API
Read the
League Client documentation
Register your product
through the Developer Portal
Monetization
Your product cannot feature betting or gambling functionality.
You may monetize your product as long as your product is registered on the Developer Portal and your product status is either Approved or Acknowledged.
You must have a free tier of access for players, which may include advertising
Your content must be transformative if you are charging players for it
What is transformative?
Was value added to the original by creating new information, new aesthetics, new insights, and understandings? If so, then it was transformative.
Acceptable ways to charge players are:
Subscriptions, donations, or crowdfunding
Entry fees for tournaments
Currencies that cannot be exchanged back into fiat
Your monetization cannot gouge players or be unfair (
yes, we get to decide that
)
If you are unsure if your monetization platform is acceptable, contact us through the Developer Portal
You may not place advertisements in Riot properties, which include in-game, loading screens, and the Riot Client.
Game Integrity
Products cannot alter the goal of the game (i.e. Destroy the Nexus).
Products cannot create an unfair advantage for players, like a cheating program or giving some players an advantage that others would not otherwise have.
Products should increase, and not decrease the diversity of game decisions (builds, compositions, characters, decks).
Products should not remove game decisions, but may highlight decisions that are important and give multiple choices to help players make good decisions.
Products cannot create alternatives for official skill ranking systems such as the ranked ladder. Prohibited alternatives include MMR or ELO calculators.
Products cannot de-anonymize players who cannot reasonably be identified from visible information.
Tournament Policies
Tournaments must
Follow all monetization policies above
Allot at least 70% of the entry fees to the prize pool
Win conditions must be fair and transparent to players (we determine fair)
Must have at least 20 participants
Not include any gambling
If you are a tournament organizer operating in the US or Canada, please refer to, and adhere to, these
North American tournament organizer policies
.
If you are a tournament organizer operating in Europe, please refer to, and adhere to, these
European tournament organizer policies
.
Developer Safety
Don't share your Riot Games account information with anyone
Do not use a Production API key to run multiple projects (one product per key)
Make sure that you are using SSL/HTTPS when accessing the APIs so that your API key is kept safe.
Do not include your API key in your code, especially if you plan on distributing a binary
Note that for teams working together on a product, there will be an obvious need to share an API key for your product. Our intention is not to discourage sharing along these lines, but rather sharing with people outside of your organization or who are working on other projects. To properly share an API key within an organization, be sure that your product is owned by a “group” in the Developer Portal, then add additional accounts to that group.
Terms
·
Privacy
© 2021 Riot Games, Inc. All rights reserved. League of Legends and Riot Games are trademarks, service marks, and registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.