Aatrox ['Fighter']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Aatrox smashes the ground, dealing damage to the first enemy hit. Champions and large monsters have to leave the impact area quickly or they will be dragged to the center and take the damage again.
Akali ['Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Akali throws out five kunai, dealing damage based on her bonus Attack Damage and Ability Power and slowing.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive,poke Flip backward and fire a shuriken forward, dealing magic damage. The first enemy or smoke cloud hit is marked. Re-cast to dash to the marked target, dealing additional damage.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Akali leaps in a direction, damaging enemies she strikes. Re-cast: Akali dashes in a direction, executing all enemies she strikes.
Akshan ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Akshan throws a boomerang that deals damage going out and coming back, extending its range each time it hits an enemy.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Akshan fires a grappling hook into terrain then swings around it, repeatedly firing at the nearest enemy while swinging. He can jump off early or gets knocked off when colliding with champions or terrain.
  spells.3.description poke Akshan locks onto an enemy champion and starts storing bullets. When released, he fires all stored bullets, dealing damage based on missing health to the first champion, minion, or structure hit.
Alistar ['Tank', 'Support']
  passive.description frontline,protection Alistar charges his roar by stunning or displacing enemy champions or when nearby enemies die. When fully charged he heals himself all nearby allied champions.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Alistar tramples nearby enemy units, ignoring unit collision and gaining stacks if he damages an enemy champion. At full stacks Alistar's next basic attack against an enemy champion deals additional magic damage and stuns them.
  spells.3.description frontline Alistar lets out a wild roar, removing all crowd control effects on himself, and reducing incoming physical and magical damage for the duration.
Ambessa ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.3.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Ambessa blinks to the farthest enemy champion in a line of her choosing and suppresses them upon her arrival. She then slams the enemy into the ground where they take damage and are stunned.
Amumu ['Tank', 'Support']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Amumu tosses a sticky bandage at a target, stunning and damaging the target while he pulls himself to them.
  spells.2.description frontline Permanently reduces the physical damage Amumu would take. Amumu can unleash his rage, dealing damage to surrounding enemies. Each time Amumu is hit, the cooldown on Tantrum is reduced.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Amumu entangles surrounding enemy units in bandages, applying his  Curse , damaging and stunning them.
Anivia ['Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Anivia brings her wings together and summons a sphere of ice that flies towards her opponents, chilling and damaging anyone in its path. When the sphere explodes it does moderate damage in a radius, stunning anyone in the area.
Annie ['Mage', 'Support']
  passive.description grab-pick After casting 4 spells, Annie's next offensive spell will stun the target.  Annie begins the game and respawns with Pyromania available.
  spells.0.description poke Annie hurls a Mana infused fireball, dealing damage and refunding the Mana cost if it destroys the target.
  spells.2.description protection Grants Annie or an ally a shield, a burst of Move Speed, and damages enemies who strike her with attacks or spells.
Aphelios ['Marksman']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Aphelios has 5 different activated abilities, based on his main-hand weapon:  Calibrum (Rifle): Long range shot that marks its target for a long-range follow-up attack. Severum (Scythe Pistol): Run fast while attacking nearby enemies with both weapons. Gravitum (Cannon): Root all enemies slowed by this weapon. Infernum (Flamethrower): Blast enemies in a cone and attack them with your off-hand weapon. Crescendum (Chakram): Deploy a sentry that shoots your off-hand weapon.
AurelionSol ['Mage']
  spells.2.description grab-pick Aurelion Sol summons a black hole, damaging enemies and slowly pulling them toward its center. This ability grants Stardust each time an enemy dies within the black hole and for each second an enemy champion is caught inside it. The center of the black hole executes enemies who are below a certain percentage of their maximum health. Stardust increases Singularity's area as well as the execution threshold.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Falling Star: Aurelion Sol crashes a star into the earth. This impact deals magic damage and stuns enemies while also granting Stardust for each enemy champion it hits. Gathering enough Stardust transforms Aurelion Sol's next Falling Star into The Skies Descend.  The Skies Descend: Aurelion Sol drags a giant star down from the heavens with an increased impact zone and increased damage, knocking up enemies rather than stunning them. A shockwave then spreads from the edge of the impact zone, which damages and slows the enemies it hits. Stardust increases the impact area of both Falling Star and The Skies Descend.
Aurora ['Mage', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Aurora sends out a missile that curses any enemies it hits. She can then recast the ability to draw active curses back toward herself, damaging foes who are hit along the way.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Aurora leaps in a direction of her choosing, releasing a shockwave that damages and slows any enemies it hits. Afterward, she creates an area that slows enemies within it and allows Aurora to teleport from one side of the area to the other.
Azir ['Mage', 'Marksman']
  spells.2.description dive Azir shields himself briefly and dashes to one of his Sand Soldiers, damaging enemies. If he hits an enemy champion, he instantly readies a new Sand Soldier for deployment and halts his dash.
Bard ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Bard fires a missile which will slow the first enemy struck, and continue onward. If it strikes a wall, it will stun the initial target; if it strikes another enemy, it will stun them both.
  spells.1.description protection Reveals a Health shrine which powers up over a short time, disappearing after healing and speeding up the first ally that touches it.
Belveth ['Fighter']
  spells.0.description dive Bel'Veth dashes in a chosen direction and damages all enemies she passes through.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Bel'Veth slams her tail to the ground, damaging, knocking up, and slowing her enemies.
Blitzcrank ['Tank', 'Support']
  passive.description frontline Blitzcrank gains a shield based on their mana when dropping to low health.
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Blitzcrank fires their right hand to grab an opponent on its path, dealing damage and dragging it back to them.
Brand ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Brand launches a ball of fire forward that deals magic damage. If the target is ablaze, Sear will stun the target.
Braum ['Tank', 'Support']
  passive.description grab-pick Braum's basic attacks apply Concussive Blows. Once the first stack is applied,  ally  basic attacks also stack Concussive Blows.   Upon reaching 4 stacks, the target is stunned and takes magic damage. For the next few seconds they cannot receive new stacks, but take bonus magic damage from Braum's attacks.
  spells.1.description frontline,protection Braum leaps to a target allied champion or minion. On arrival, Braum and the ally gain Armor and Magic Resist for a few seconds.
  spells.2.description frontline Braum raises his shield in a direction for several seconds, intercepting all projectiles causing them to hit him and be destroyed. He negates the damage of the first attack completely and reduces the damage of all subsequent attacks from this direction.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Braum slams the ground, knocking up enemies nearby and in a line in front of him. A fissure is left along the line that slows enemies.
Briar ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Briar leaps to a unit and hits enemies with The Heel Wheel (of Pain), stunning them and breaking their Armor.
  spells.1.description assassination,dive Briar leaps forward and shatters her pillory, entering a Blood Frenzy that causes her to relentlessly pursue the nearest enemy (prioritizing champions). While frenzied, she gains increased Attack Speed and Move Speed, and her attacks deal damage in an area around her target.  Briar can reactivate this ability while frenzied to take a CHOMP out of her target on her next attack, dealing additional damage based on their missing Health, and healing Briar based on the damage she deals.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Briar refocuses her mind, removing Blood Frenzy and channeling energy into a powerful scream that damages and slows enemies. While charging, she takes reduced damage and heals for a portion of her max Health. A fully charged scream knocks foes back, dealing additional damage and stunning those who collide with a wall.
Camille ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.2.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Camille pulls herself to a wall, leaping off and knocking up enemy champions upon landing.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Camille dashes to target champion, anchoring them to the area. She also deals bonus magic damage to the target with her basic attacks.
Cassiopeia ['Mage']
  spells.3.description grab-pick Cassiopeia releases a swirl of magical energy from her eyes, stunning any enemies in front of her that are facing her and slowing any others with their back turned.
Chogath ['Tank', 'Mage']
  passive.description frontline Whenever Cho'Gath kills a unit, he recovers Health and Mana. The values restored increase with Cho'Gath's level.
Corki ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Corki fires a flash bomb at a target location, dealing magic damage to enemies in the area. This attack additionally reveals units in the area for a duration.
  spells.2.description poke Corki's gatling gun rapidly fires in a cone in front of him, dealing damage and reducing enemy Armor and Magic Resist.
  spells.3.description poke Corki fires a missile toward his target location that explodes on impact, dealing damage to enemies in an area. Corki stores missiles over time, up to a maximum. Every 3rd missile fired will be a Big One, dealing extra damage.
Darius ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description frontline Darius winds up and swings his axe in a wide circle. Enemies struck by the blade take more damage than those struck by the handle. Darius heals based on enemy champions and large monsters hit by the blade.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Darius hones his axe, passively causing his physical damage to ignore a percentage of his target's Armor. When activated, Darius sweeps up his enemies with his axe's hook and pulls them to him.
  spells.3.description dive Darius leaps to an enemy champion and strikes a lethal blow, dealing true damage. This damage is increased for each stack of Hemorrhage on the target. If Noxian Guillotine is a killing blow, its cooldown is refreshed for a brief duration.
Diana ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Unleashes a bolt of lunar energy in an arc dealing magic damage.  Afflicts enemies struck with Moonlight, revealing them if they are not stealthed for 3 seconds.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Becomes the living embodiment of the vengeful moon, dashing to an enemy and dealing magic damage.  Lunar Rush has no cooldown when used to dash to an enemy afflicted with Moonlight. All other enemies will have the Moonlight debuff removed regardless of whether they were the target of Lunar Rush.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Diana reveals and draws in all nearby enemies and slows them.  If Diana pulls in one or more enemy champions, the moonlight crashes down onto her after a short delay, dealing magic damage in an area around her, increased for each target beyond the first pulled.
DrMundo ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  passive.description frontline Dr. Mundo resists the first Immobilizing effect that hits him, instead losing Health and dropping a chemical cannister nearby. Dr. Mundo can pick it up by walking over it, restoring Health and reducing this Ability's Cooldown.  Dr. Mundo also has significantly increased Health regeneration.
  spells.0.description poke Dr. Mundo throws an infected bonesaw, dealing damage to the first enemy hit based on their current health and slowing them.
Draven ['Marksman']
  spells.2.description poke Draven throws his axes, dealing physical damage to targets hit and knocking them aside. Targets hit are slowed.
  spells.3.description poke Draven hurls two massive axes to deal physical damage to each unit struck. Whirling Death slowly reverses direction and returns to Draven after striking an enemy champion. Draven may also activate this ability while the axes are in flight to cause it to return early. Deals less damage for each unit hit and resets when the axes reverse direction. Executes enemies who have less health than Draven's number of Adoration stacks.
Ekko ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Ekko throws a temporal grenade that expands into a time-distortion field upon hitting an enemy champion, slowing and damaging anyone caught inside. After a delay, the grenade rewinds back to Ekko, dealing damage on its return.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Ekko's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage to low health enemies. He can cast Parallel Convergence to split the timeline, creating an anomaly after a few seconds that slows enemies caught inside. If Ekko enters the anomaly, he gains shielding and stuns enemies by suspending them in time.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Ekko rolls evasively while charging up his Z-Drive. His next attack deals bonus damage and warps reality, teleporting him to his target.
Elise ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Human Form: Deals damage based upon how high the target's Health is.  Spider Form: Lunges at an enemy and deals damage based upon how low their Health is.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Human Form: Stuns the first enemy unit hit and reveals them if they are not stealthed.  Spider Form: Elise and her Spiderlings ascend into the air and then descend upon target enemy. After descending on an enemy target, Elise's bonus damage and healing from Spider Queen is increased.
Evelynn ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Evelynn strikes out with her Lasher, dealing damage to the first unit hit. Then, Evelynn can shoot a line of spikes at nearby foes a few times.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Evelynn curses her target, causing her next attack or spell after a delay to charm her target and reduce their magic resist.
Fiddlesticks ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Fiddlesticks damaging enemies with spells while unseen or targeting an enemy with Terrify's activation strikes a target unit with fear, causing it to flee in terror for a duration.
Fizz ['Assassin', 'Fighter']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Fizz dashes through his target, dealing magic damage and applying on hit effects.
  spells.3.description grab-pick,poke Fizz tosses a fish in a direction that attaches to any champion that touches it, slowing the target. After a short delay, a shark erupts from the ground, knocking up the target and knocking any nearby enemies aside. All enemies hit are dealt magic damage and slowed.
Galio ['Tank', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Galio fires two windblasts that converge into a large tornado that deals damage over time.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Galio charges a defensive stance, moving slowly. Upon releasing the charge, Galio will taunt and damage nearby enemies.
  spells.2.description dive,grab-pick Galio will briefly step back and charge, knocking up the first enemy champion he encounters.
  spells.3.description dive,grab-pick,protection Galio designates an ally's position as his landing spot, granting all allies in the area a magic shield. After a delay Galio smashes down location, knocking up nearby enemies.
Gangplank ['Fighter']
Garen ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Garen passively increases his Armor and Magic Resist by killing enemies. He may also activate this ability to give him a shield and tenacity for a brief moment followed by a lesser amount of damage reduction for a longer duration.
Gnar ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description poke Gnar throws a boomerang that damages and slows enemies it hits before returning to him. If he catches the boomerang its cooldown is reduced.  Mega Gnar instead throws a boulder that stops on the first unit hit, damaging and slowing everything nearby. It can then be picked up to reduce the cooldown.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Gnar's attacks and spells hype him up, dealing bonus damage and granting him Move Speed.  Mega Gnar is too enraged to be hyper and instead can rear up on his hind legs and smash down on the area in front of him, stunning enemies in an area.
  spells.2.description dive Gnar leaps to a location and bounces off the head of any unit he lands on, traveling further.  Mega Gnar is too large to bounce and instead lands with earth-shattering force, dealing damage in an area around him.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Mega Gnar throws everything around him in a chosen direction, dealing damage and slowing them.  Any enemy that hits a wall is stunned and takes bonus damage.
Gragas ['Fighter', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description dive,grab-pick Gragas charges to a location and collides with the first enemy unit he comes across, dealing damage to all nearby enemy units and stunning them.
  spells.3.description poke Gragas hurls his cask to a location, dealing damage and knocking back enemies caught in the blast radius.
Graves ['Marksman']
  spells.1.description poke Graves fires a smoke canister at the target area creating a cloud of smoke that reduces sight range. Enemies caught in the initial impact are dealt magic damage and have their Move Speed reduced briefly.
  spells.3.description poke Graves fires an explosive shell dealing heavy damage to the first champion it hits. After hitting a champion or reaching the end of its range, the shell explodes dealing damage in a cone.
Gwen ['Fighter']
  spells.3.description poke Gwen hurls a needle that slows enemies hit, deals magic damage, and applies A Thousand Cuts to champions hit.   This ability can be cast up to two more times, with each cast throwing additional needles and dealing more damage.
Hecarim ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Hecarim gains Armor and Magic Resist. Hecarim deals magic damage to nearby enemies, and gains Health equal to a percentage of any damage those enemies suffer.
  spells.3.description dive,grab-pick Hecarim summons spectral riders and charges forward, dealing magic damage in a line. Hecarim creates a shockwave when he finishes his charge, causing nearby enemies to flee in terror.
Heimerdinger ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Heimerdinger lays down a rapid-fire cannon turret equipped with a secondary pass-through beam attack (turrets deal half damage to towers).
  spells.2.description grab-pick Heimerdinger lobs a grenade at a location, dealing damage to enemy units, as well as stunning anyone directly hit and slowing surrounding units.
Hwei ['Mage', 'Support']
Illaoi ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  passive.description frontline Illaoi and the  Vessels  she creates spawn Tentacles on nearby impassible terrain. Tentacles swing at spirits,  Vessels , and victims of Illaoi's Harsh lesson. Tentacles deal physical damage to enemies hit, and will heal Illaoi if they damage a champion.
  spells.1.description dive Illaoi leaps to her target, dealing physical damage and causing nearby Tentacles to also swing at the target.
Irelia ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Irelia dashes forward to strike her target, healing herself. If the target is Marked or dies to Bladesurge, its cooldown refreshes.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Irelia sends out two blades which converge on each other. Enemies caught in between are damaged, stunned and Marked.
  spells.3.description poke Irelia fires a massive number of blades that explode outward upon hitting an enemy champion. Enemies hit by the blades are damaged and Marked. Afterwards the blades form a wall that will damage and slow enemies that walk through it.
Ivern ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Ivern conjures a vine, dealing damage and rooting enemy targets hit. Ivern's allies can dash to the rooted target.
  spells.2.description protection Ivern places a shield on an ally which explodes after a short duration slowing and damaging enemies. The shield refreshes if it hits no enemies.
Janna ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description protection Janna conjures a defensive gale that shields an ally champion or turret from incoming damage and increases their Attack Damage.
  spells.3.description protection Janna surrounds herself in a magical storm, throwing enemies back. After the storm has settled, soothing winds heal nearby allies while the ability is active.
JarvanIV ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description dive,grab-pick Jarvan IV extends his lance, dealing physical damage and lowering the Armor of enemies in its path. Additionally, this will pull Jarvan to his Demacian Standard, knocking up enemies in his path.
  spells.1.description frontline Jarvan IV calls upon the ancient kings of Demacia to shield him from harm and slow surrounding enemies.
  spells.3.description dive Jarvan IV heroically leaps into battle at a target with such force that he terraforms the surrounding area to create an arena around them. Nearby enemies are damaged at the moment of impact.
Jax ['Fighter']
  spells.0.description dive Jax leaps toward a unit. If they are an enemy, he strikes them with his weapon.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Jax's combat prowess allows him to dodge all incoming attacks for a short duration and then quickly counterattack, stunning all surrounding enemies.
Jayce ['Fighter', 'Marksman']
  spells.0.description dive,poke Hammer Stance: Leaps to an enemy dealing physical damage and slowing enemies.  Cannon Stance: Fires an orb of electricity that detonates upon hitting an enemy (or reaching the end of its path) dealing physical damage to all enemies hit.
Jhin ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  passive.description poke Jhin's hand cannon, Whisper, is a precise instrument designed to deal superior damage. It fires at a fixed rate and carries only four shots. Jhin imbues the final bullet with dark magics to critically strike and deal bonus execute damage. Whenever Whisper crits, it inspires Jhin with a burst of Move Speed.
  spells.0.description poke Jhin launches a magical cartridge at an enemy. It can hit up to four targets and gains damage each time it kills.
  spells.1.description grab-pick,poke Jhin brandishes his cane, firing a single shot with incredible range. It pierces through minions and monsters, but stops on the first champion hit. If the target was recently struck by Jhin's allies, lotus traps, or damaged by Jhin, they are rooted.
Jinx ['Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke Jinx modifies her basic attacks by swapping between Pow-Pow, her minigun and Fishbones, her rocket launcher. Attacks with Pow-Pow grant Attack Speed, while attacks with Fishbones deal area of effect damage, gain increased range, but drain Mana and attack slower.
  spells.1.description poke Jinx uses Zapper, her shock pistol, to fire a blast that deals damage to the first enemy hit, slowing and revealing it.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Jinx throws out a line of snare grenades that explode after 5 seconds, lighting enemies on fire. Flame Chompers will bite enemy champions who walk over them, rooting them in place.
  spells.3.description poke Jinx fires a super rocket across the map that gains damage as it travels. The rocket will explode upon colliding with an enemy champion, dealing damage to it and surrounding enemies based on their missing Health.
KSante ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke K'Sante strikes, damaging and slowing enemies in a short line.  On hit, grants a stack of Ntofo Strikes. At 2 stacks, K'Sante fires a shockwave that pulls enemies in.  When All Out, cooldown is reduced.
  spells.1.description dive,grab-pick K'Sante charges up, taking reduced damage, then dashes, knocking back and stunning enemies.  When All Out, deals increased damage and no longer knocks back or stuns.
  spells.2.description frontline,protection K'Sante dashes and gains a shield. If targeting an ally, K'Sante dashes to the ally with increased range and both gain a shield.  When All Out, cooldown is reduced and speed is increased.
Kalista ['Marksman']
Karma ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Karma creates a tether between herself and a targeted enemy, dealing damage and revealing them. If the tether is not broken, the enemy will be rooted and damaged again.  Mantra Bonus: Karma strengthens the link, healing herself and extending the root duration.
  spells.2.description protection Karma summons a protective shield that absorbs incoming damage and increases the Move Speed of the protected ally.  Mantra Bonus: Energy radiates out from her target, strengthening the initial shield and applying Inspire to nearby allied champions.
Karthus ['Mage']
Kassadin ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Kassadin fires an orb of void energy at a target, dealing damage and interrupting channels. The excess energy forms around himself, granting a temporary shield that absorbs magic damage.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Kassadin teleports to a nearby location dealing damage to nearby enemy units. Multiple Riftwalks in a short period of time cost additional Mana but also deal additional damage.
Katarina ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Katarina blinks to the target, striking it if its an enemy, or striking the nearest enemy otherwise.
Kayle ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  spells.1.description protection Blessed by the divine, Kayle heals and grants Move Speed to herself and the nearest ally.
  spells.3.description protection Kayle makes an ally invulnerable and calls upon former Aspects of Justice to purify the area around her target with a holy rain of swords.
Kayn ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Kayn dashes, then slashes. Both deal damage.
Kennen ['Mage']
  passive.description grab-pick Kennen stuns enemies he hits 3 times with his abilities.
  spells.0.description poke Kennen throws a fast moving shuriken towards a location, causing damage and adding a Mark of the Storm to any opponent that it hits.
Khazix ['Assassin']
  spells.1.description poke Kha'Zix fires exploding spikes that deal physical damage to enemies hit. Kha'Zix is healed if he is also within the explosion radius. If he chooses to  Evolve Spike Racks , Void Spike now fires three spikes in a cone, slow enemies hit, and reveals enemy champions hit for 2 seconds.  Isolated  targets are slowed for extra.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Kha'Zix leaps to an area, dealing physical damage upon landing. If he chooses to  Evolve Wings , Leap's range increases and the cooldown resets on champion kill or assist.
Kindred ['Marksman']
Kled ['Fighter']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Kled throws a bear trap that damages and hooks an enemy champion. If shackled for a short duration, the target takes additional physical damage and is yanked toward Kled.  When dismounted, this ability is replaced by Pocket Pistol, a ranged gun blast that knocks back Kled and restores courage.
  spells.2.description dive Kled dashes, dealing physical damage and gaining a short burst of speed. Kled can cast this ability again to dash back through his initial target, dealing the same damage.
KogMaw ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Kog'Maw launches a corrosive projectile which deals magic damage and corrodes the target's armor and magic resist for a short time. Kog'Maw also gains additional attack speed.
  spells.2.description poke Kog'Maw launches a peculiar ooze which damages all enemies it passes through and leaves a trail which slows enemies who stand on it.
  spells.3.description poke Kog'Maw fires an artillery shell at a great distance dealing magic damage (increased significantly on low health enemies) and revealing non-stealthed targets. Additionally, multiple Living Artilleries in a short period of time cause them to cost additional Mana.
Leblanc ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.1.description assassination,dive LeBlanc dashes to a location, dealing damage to enemies near her destination. For the next 4 seconds, activate Distortion again to return LeBlanc to her starting location.
  spells.2.description grab-pick,poke LeBlanc launches a chain that shackles the first enemy hit. If the target remains shackled for 1.5 seconds, LeBlanc roots them and deals additional damage.
Leona ['Tank', 'Support']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Leona uses her shield to perform her next basic attack, dealing bonus magic damage and stunning the target.
  spells.1.description frontline Leona raises her shield to gain Damage Reduction, Armor, and Magic Resist. When the duration first ends, if there are nearby enemies, she will deal magic damage to them and prolong the duration of the effect.
  spells.3.description grab-pick,poke Leona calls down a beam of solar energy, dealing damage to enemies in an area. Enemies in the center of the area are stunned, while enemies on the outside are slowed.
Lillia ['Fighter', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description poke Lillia hurls a seed that damages and slows those it lands on. If it doesn't hit anything, it will continue rolling until it hits a wall or target.
Lissandra ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Throws a spear of ice that shatters when it hits an enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing Move Speed. Shards pass through the target, dealing the same damage to other enemies hit.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Freezes nearby enemies in ice, dealing magic damage and rooting them.
  spells.3.description grab-pick If cast on an enemy champion, the target is frozen solid, stunning it. If cast on Lissandra, she encases herself in dark ice, healing herself while becoming untargetable and invulnerable. Dark ice then emanates from the target dealing magic damage to enemies and slowing Move Speed.
Locke ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Locke readies a set of Soul Nails to throw, dealing damage to and marking enemies hit. Locke can consume the marks to deal bonus damage with his attacks.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Locke teleports to a location before dashing to attack his next target, dealing damage to enemies passed through.
  spells.3.description poke Locke throws a binding artifact that deals damage and potentially executes enemies hit. Locke gains additional power for sealing away enemy champions.
Lucian ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Lucian shoots a bolt of piercing light through a target.
Lulu ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Pix and Lulu each fire a bolt of magical energy that damages and heavily slows all enemies it hits.
  spells.2.description protection If cast on an ally, commands Pix to jump to an ally and shield them. He then follows them and aids their attacks. If cast on an enemy, commands Pix to jump to an enemy and damage them. He then follows them and grants you vision of that enemy.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Lulu enlarges an ally, knocking nearby enemies into the air and granting the ally a large amount of bonus health. For the next few seconds, that ally gains an aura that slows nearby enemies.
Malphite ['Tank', 'Mage']
  passive.description frontline Malphite is shielded by a layer of rock which absorbs damage up to 10% of his maximum Health. If Malphite has not been hit for a few seconds, this effect recharges.
  spells.3.description dive,grab-pick Malphite launches himself to a location at high speed, damaging enemies and knocking them into the air.
Malzahar ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Malzahar opens up two portals to the Void. After a short delay, they fire projectiles that deal Magic Damage and silence enemy champions.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Malzahar channels the essence of the Void to suppress an enemy champion over a zone of damaging negative energy.
Maokai ['Tank', 'Support']
  passive.description frontline Maokai's basic attack also heals him and deals additional damage on a moderate cooldown. Each time Maokai casts a spell or is struck by an enemy's spell, this cooldown is reduced.
  spells.1.description dive,grab-pick Maokai contorts into a mass of moving roots, becoming untargetable and dashing to the target. Upon arrival, he roots the target.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Maokai summons a colossal wall of brambles and thorns that slowly advances forwards, damaging and rooting any enemies in the path.
MasterYi ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Master Yi teleports across the battlefield with blinding speed, dealing physical damage to multiple units in his path, while simultaneously becoming untargetable. Alpha Strike can critically strike and deals bonus physical damage to monsters. Basic attacks reduce Alpha Strike's cooldown.
Mel ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Mel fires a barrage of projectiles that explode around a target location, dealing damage repeatedly to enemies within the area.
  spells.2.description grab-pick,poke Mel fires a radiant orb forward, rooting those at its center while the area around it slows enemies and deals damage over time.
Milio ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Kick a ball that knocks back an enemy. The ball launches upward on hit and falls toward the enemy, damaging and slowing enemies in the area upon impact.
  spells.1.description protection Create an empowering zone that heals allies and increases attack range to those inside. The zone follows the ally nearest to the cast point.
  spells.2.description protection Milio tosses a shield to an ally, temporarily increasing their movement speed. This ability has 2 charges.
  spells.3.description protection Milio unleashes a wave of soothing flames that heal and remove crowd control effects from allies in range.
MissFortune ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Miss Fortune fires a bullet at an enemy, damaging them and a target behind them. Both strikes can also apply Love Tap.
  spells.2.description poke Miss Fortune reveals an area with a flurry of bullets, dealing waves of damage to opponents and slowing them.
  spells.3.description poke Miss Fortune channels a barrage of bullets into a cone in front of her, dealing large amounts of damage to enemies. Each wave of Bullet Time can critically strike
MonkeyKing ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  passive.description frontline Wukong gains stacking armor and max health regeneration while fighting champions and monsters.
  spells.2.description dive Wukong dashes to a targeted enemy and sends out images to attack enemies near his target, dealing damage to each enemy struck.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Wukong's extends his staff and spins it around repeatedly, gaining Move Speed.  Enemies struck take damage and are knocked up.
Mordekaiser ['Fighter', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description grab-pick Mordekaiser pulls all enemies in an area.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Mordekaiser drags his victim to a different dimension with him and steals a portion of their stats. If he kills them, he keeps the stats until the victim respawns.
Morgana ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Morgana binds an enemy in place with dark magic, forcing them to feel the pain they've caused and dealing magic damage.
  spells.2.description protection Morgana anoints an ally with a protective barrier of starfire, which absorbs magical damage and disabling effects until it is broken.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Morgana unleashes the full force of her Celestial power as she unbinds her wings and hovers above the ground. She lashes chains of dark pain onto nearby enemy champions, gaining Move Speed. The chains slow and deal initial damage and, after a delay, stun those who are unable to break them.
Naafiri ['Assassin', 'Fighter']
  spells.0.description poke Naafiri hurls up to two daggers, each inflicting bleed, or each inflicting bonus damage if the target is already bleeding.  Packmates leap to attack the first champion or monster hit by this skill.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Naafiri dashes and damages enemies in an area around her, recalling her packmates and fully healing them.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Naafiri and her packmates dash at a champion, dealing damage. Naafiri reveals nearby enemies if she scores a takedown and can recast this Ability once. The second cast grants a shield.
Nami ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Sends a bubble to a target area, dealing damage and stunning all enemies on impact.
  spells.1.description protection Unleashes a stream of water that bounces back and forth between allied and enemy champions, healing allies and damaging enemies.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Summons a massive Tidal Wave that knocks up, slows, and damages enemies. Allies hit gain double the effect of Surging Tides.
Nasus ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.3.description frontline Nasus unleashes a mighty sandstorm that batters nearby enemies. While the storm rages, he gains increased Health, Attack Range, damages nearby enemies, has a reduced cooldown on Siphoning Strike, and gains bonus Armor and Magic Resistance.
Neeko ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Neeko throws a seed dealing magic damage. The seed blooms again on hitting champions or killing units.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Neeko slings a tangle that damages and roots everything it passes through. If the tangle kills an enemy or passes through a champion, it becomes larger, faster, and roots for longer.
  spells.3.description grab-pick After a short preparation, Neeko leaps into the air, knocking up all nearby enemies. Upon landing, nearby enemies are damaged and stunned. The preparation is hidden if Neeko is disguised.
Nidalee ['Assassin', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke In human form, Nidalee throws a spiked javelin at her target that gains damage as it flies.  As a cougar, her next attack will attempt to fatally wound her target, dealing more damage the less life they have.
  spells.1.description assassination,dive In human form, Nidalee lays a trap for unwary opponents that, when sprung, damages and reveals its target. As a cougar, she jumps in a direction, dealing damage in an area where she lands.
  spells.2.description protection In human form, Nidalee channels the spirit of the cougar to heal her allies and imbue them with Attack Speed for a short duration. As a cougar, she claws in a direction, dealing damage to enemies in front of her.
Nilah ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  passive.description protection Nilah gains increased experience from last-hitting minions along with the ability to enhance and share nearby healing and shielding from her allies.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Nilah enthusiastically dashes toward her target, dealing damage to any enemies she passes through on the way.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Twirling her whip-blade in joyful exuberance, Nilah deals damage to enemies around her before pulling them closer with her weapon.
Nocturne ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Nocturne throws a shadow blade that deals damage, leaves a Dusk Trail, and causes champions to leave a Dusk Trail. While on the trail, Nocturne can move through units and has increased Move Speed and Attack Damage.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Nocturne plants a nightmare into his target's mind, dealing damage each second and applying fear to the target if they do not get out of range by the end of the duration.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Nocturne reduces the sight radius of all enemy champions and removes their ally vision in the process. He can then launch himself at a nearby enemy champion.
Nunu ['Tank', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description frontline Willump takes a bite out of a minion, monster, or enemy champion, dealing damage and healing himself.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Willump creates a snowball that grows in size and speed as he rolls it.  The snowball damages and knocks up enemies.
  spells.2.description grab-pick,poke Nunu throws multiple snowballs that damage enemies.  When he's finished, Willump roots any champions or large monsters that were hit by a snowball.
Olaf ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description poke Olaf throws an axe into the ground at a target location, dealing damage to enemies it passes through and reducing their Armor and Move Speed. If Olaf picks up the axe, the ability's cooldown is reset.
  spells.1.description frontline Olaf's Attack Speed is increased and he gains a Shield.
  spells.3.description frontline Olaf passively gains increased armor and magic resist. He can activate this ability to become immune to disables for as long as he keeps attacking.
Orianna ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.2.description protection Orianna commands her Ball to attach to an allied champion, Shielding them and dealing magic damage to any enemies it passes through on the way. Additionally, the Ball grants additional Armor and Magic Resist to the champion it is attached to.
Pantheon ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.1.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Pantheon dashes to a target, damaging and stunning them.
Poppy ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  passive.description frontline Poppy throws her buckler that bounces off the target. Poppy can pick it up to gain a temporary shield.
  spells.1.description frontline Poppy passively gains Armor and Magic Resist. This bonus increases when she is low on Health. Poppy can activate Steadfast Presence to gain Move Speed and stop enemy dashes around her. If a dash is stopped, the enemy is slowed and grounded.
  spells.2.description dive,grab-pick Poppy dashes to the target and pushes it back. If the target is pushed into a wall, it is stunned.
Pyke ['Support', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Pyke either stabs an enemy in front of him or pulls an enemy towards him.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Pyke dashes and leaves behind a phantom that will return to him, stunning enemy champions along its path.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Pyke blinks to and executes low health enemies, allowing him to cast this spell again and granting additional gold to an ally who assists.
Qiyana ['Assassin']
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Qiyana dashes to an enemy, damaging them.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Qiyana sends out a shockwave that detonates whatever elements she hits with it, stunning and damaging nearby enemies.
Quinn ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
Rakan ['Support']
  spells.0.description protection Flings a magical feather that deals magic damage. Striking a champion or epic monster enables Rakan to heal his allies.
  spells.1.description dive,grab-pick Dashes to a location, knocking up nearby enemies on arrival.
  spells.2.description protection Flies to an allied champion granting them a shield. Can be re-cast for free for a short duration.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Gains Move Speed, charming and dealing magic damage to enemies touched.
Rammus ['Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Rammus goes into a defensive formation, vastly increasing his Armor and Magic Resistance, and returning damage to enemies that attack him.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Rammus taunts an enemy champion or monster into a reckless assault against him.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Rammus hops into the air and slams down at a target area, dealing magic damage and slowing enemies. If cast while Rammus is in Powerball, Rammus knocks up enemies near the center as well.
RekSai ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  passive.description frontline Rek'Sai generates Fury by Attacking and hitting with basic Abilities. She consumes this Fury while Burrowed to restore health.
  spells.0.description poke Rek'Sai's next 3 basic attacks deal bonus Physical Damage to nearby enemies.  While Burrowed, Rek'Sai launches a burst of void-charged earth that damages and reveals enemies hit.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Rek'Sai burrows into the ground, gaining new abilities and increased Move Speed. Her vision range is reduced and she cannot use basic attacks.  While Burrowed, Rek'Sai may cast Unburrow to knock up and damage nearby enemies.
Rell ['Tank', 'Support']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Rell deals magic damage to units in a line, breaking their shields and stunning them.
  spells.1.description frontline,grab-pick Mounted: Rell Dismounts, crashing down in her armor, Knocking enemies up and gaining a large Shield. While dismounted, she gains Armor, Magic Resist, Attack Speed, and Attack Range, but is Slowed.  Dismounted: Rell forms her Mount, gaining a burst of speed and Knocking Up the next enemy she attacks.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Rell explodes in a magnetic fury, violently Pulling nearby enemies toward herself. Then Rell constantly Drags nearby enemies toward herself for a short while, dealing magic damage over time.
Renata ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Renata sends out a missile rooting the first enemy hit, and can recast the ability to throw the unit in a direction.
  spells.2.description poke,protection Renata sends out a pair of chemtech missiles, shielding allies and damaging and slowing enemies hit.
Renekton ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Renekton slashes his target twice, dealing moderate physical damage and stuns them for 0.75 seconds. If Renekton has more than 50 Fury, he slashes his target three times, destroying damage shields on the target, dealing high physical damage, and stunning them for 1.5 seconds.
  spells.2.description dive Renekton dashes, dealing damage to units along the way. Empowered, Renekton deals bonus damage and reduces the Armor of units hit.
  spells.3.description frontline Renekton transforms into the Tyrant form, gaining bonus Health and dealing damage to enemies around him. While in this form, Renekton gains Fury periodically.
Rengar ['Assassin', 'Fighter']
  passive.description assassination,dive While in Brush, Rengar leaps at his target with his basic attack.  Rengar generates Ferocity whenever he casts an ability. At Max Ferocity, his next ability is empowered.  Killing enemy champions awards trophies on Rengar's  Bonetooth Necklace , granting bonus attack damage.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Rengar throws a bola, slowing the first target hit for a short duration.  Ferocity effect: roots the target.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Rengar's predatory instincts take over,  Camouflaging  him and revealing the nearest enemy champion in a large radius around him. During Thrill of the Hunt, Rengar gains Move Speed and he can leap to the tracked enemy without being in brush, reducing their armor.
Riven ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Riven emits a Ki Burst, damaging and stunning nearby enemies.
Rumble ['Fighter', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description poke Rumble launches a harpoon, electrocuting his target with magic damage, slowing their Move Speed, and reducing their Magic Resist. Rumble can carry 2 harpoons at a time. While in Danger Zone the damage and slow percentage is increased.
  spells.3.description poke Rumble fires off a group of rockets, creating a wall of flames that damages and slows enemies.
Ryze ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Passively, Ryze's other basic abilities reset the cooldown of Overload and charge a rune. When Ryze casts Overload with 2 runes charged, he gains a brief burst of Move Speed.  On cast, Ryze throws a charge of pure energy in a line, dealing damage to the first enemy struck. If the target has Flux on it, Overload deals extra damage and bounces to nearby enemies with Flux.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Ryze traps a target in a cage of runes, damaging them and slowing their movement. If the target has Flux on it, they are instead rooted.
  spells.2.description poke Ryze releases an orb of pure magical power that damages an enemy and debuffs all nearby enemies. Ryze's spells have additional effects against the debuffed enemy.
Samira ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description poke Samira fires a shot or swings her sword, dealing damage. If cast during Wild Rush, strike all enemies in her path upon completion.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Samira dashes through an enemy (including structures), slashing enemies she passes through and gaining Attack Speed. Killing an enemy champion refreshes this ability's cooldown.
Senna ['Support', 'Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke,protection From the twin barrels of her Relic Cannon, Senna fires a unified beam of light and shadow through a target, healing allies and damaging enemies.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Senna sends forth a wave of Black Mist. If it hits an enemy it latches onto them hungrily, rooting them and everything nearby after a brief delay.
  spells.3.description poke,protection Senna calls upon the relic stones of fallen Sentinels, splitting her relic cannon into a holy array of shadow and light. She then fires a global beam that shields allies from harm, while damaging enemies caught in the center.
Seraphine ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.1.description protection Seraphine Shields and Hastes nearby allies. If she is already Shielded she will Heal nearby allies as well.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Seraphine deals damage and charms enemies hit, refreshing the range with every allied or enemy champion hit.
Sett ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Sett passively stores damage he takes as Grit. On cast, Sett expends all stored Grit to gain a shield and punch an area, dealing true damage in the center and physical damage on the sides.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Sett pulls in all enemies on opposite sides of him, dealing damage and stunning them. If enemies were only on one side, they are slowed instead of stunned.
Shaco ['Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Shaco becomes Invisible and teleports to target location.  His first attack while Invisible is empowered, dealing bonus damage and critically striking if he attacks from behind.
  spells.2.description poke Shaco's Shivs passively poison targets on hit, slowing their Move Speed. He can throw his Shivs to deal damage and poison the target. The thrown Shiv deals bonus damage if the target is below 30% health.
Shen ['Tank']
  passive.description frontline After casting a spell, Shen gets a shield. Affecting other champions reduces the cooldown of this effect.
  spells.1.description protection Attacks that would hit Shen or his allies near his spirit blade are blocked.
  spells.2.description dive,grab-pick Shen dashes in a direction, taunting enemies in his path.
  spells.3.description protection Shen shields target allied champion from incoming damage, and soon after teleports to their location.
Shyvana ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Shyvana gains a shield, movement speed, and after a short delay, the area around her detonates.  While in Dragon Form, the explosion will heal her if it strikes an enemy champion.
Singed ['Tank', 'Mage']
  spells.2.description grab-pick Damages target enemy unit and flings them into the air behind Singed. If the target Singed flings lands in his Mega Adhesive, they are also rooted.
Sion ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Sion charges a powerful swing in an area in front of himself that will deal damage to enemies when released. If he charges for enough time, enemies hit by the swing will also be knocked up and stunned.
  spells.1.description frontline Sion shields himself and can reactivate after 3 seconds to deal Magic Damage to enemies nearby. When Sion kills enemies, he passively gains maximum Health.
  spells.2.description poke Sion fires a short range shockwave that damages and slows and reduces the Armor of the first enemy hit. If the shockwave hits a minion or monster, it will be knocked back, damaging, slowing, and reducing the Armor of all enemies that it passes through.
  spells.3.description dive,grab-pick Sion charges in a direction, ramping up speed over time. He can steer his charge slightly with the mouse cursor location. When he collides with an enemy he deals damage and knocks them up based on the distance he has charged.
Sivir ['Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke Sivir hurls her crossblade like a boomerang, dealing damage each way.
Skarner ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  spells.1.description frontline Skarner gains a shield and creates an earthquake whose shockwave damages and slows foes.
  spells.2.description dive,grab-pick Skarner charges forward and passes through terrain. If he collides with a champion or large monster, he'll slam them into the next wall he hits to damage and stun them.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Skarner's tails lash forward to suppress enemy champions. Once suppressed, the victims will be dragged along by Skarner as he moves around.
Smolder ['Marksman', 'Mage']
Sona ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Sona plays the Hymn of Valor, sends out bolts of sound, dealing magic damage to two nearby enemies, prioritizing champions and monsters. Sona gains a temporary aura that grants allies tagged by the zone bonus damage on their next attack against enemies.
  spells.1.description protection Sona plays the Aria of Perseverance, sending out protective melodies, healing Sona and a nearby wounded ally. Sona gains a temporary aura that grants allies tagged by the zone a temporary shield.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Sona plays her ultimate chord, stunning enemy champions and forcing them to dance and dealing magic damage to them.
Soraka ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.1.description protection Soraka sacrifices a portion of her own health to heal another friendly champion.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Creates a zone at a location that silences all enemies inside. When the zone expires, all enemies still inside are rooted.
Swain ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Swain unleashes several bolts of eldritch power that pierce through enemies. Enemies hit take more damage for each bolt they are struck by.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Swain launches a wave of demonic power forward. It then returns to Swain and roots enemies it hits. Swain can then choose to pull all rooted champions closer. This ability has a shorter cooldown during Demonic Ascension.
Sylas ['Mage', 'Assassin']
  spells.1.description assassination,dive Sylas lunges at an enemy with magical force dealing damage and healing himself against enemy champions.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Sylas dashes to a location. Sylas can recast the ability to throw his chains out, pulling himself to an enemy he hits.
Syndra ['Mage']
  spells.1.description poke Syndra picks up and throws a Dark Sphere or enemy minion dealing magic damage and slowing the Move Speed of enemies.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Syndra knocks enemies and Dark Spheres back dealing magic damage. Enemies hit by Dark Spheres become stunned.
TahmKench ['Tank', 'Support']
  spells.0.description frontline,grab-pick Tahm Kench lashes out with his tongue, damaging and slowing the first unit hit and healing himself if he strikes an enemy champion.  Applies a stack of   An Acquired Taste  to enemy champions. If the champion already has 3 stacks of  An Acquired Taste , they are stunned and the stacks are consumed.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Dive down and then re-appear at target location, damaging and knocking up all enemies in an area.
  spells.3.description protection Tahm Kench devours a champion for a few seconds, dealing magic damage if they are an enemy, or shielding them if they are an ally.
Taliyah ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.2.description grab-pick Taliyah creates a slowing minefield. If enemies dash through it or are knocked through it, the mines explode and stun them.
Talon ['Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive Talon stabs the target unit. If they are within melee range, this attack deals critical damage. If they are outside melee range, Talon will leap at his target before stabbing them. Talon refunds some health and cooldown if this ability kills the target.
Taric ['Support', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description protection Heals nearby allied champions based on charges stored. Bravado-empowered attacks grant a charge of Starlight's Touch.
  spells.1.description frontline,protection Passively increase the Armor of Taric and any allied champion with Bastion.  Actively shields an ally and grants them Bastion for as long as they remain near Taric. Taric's spells also cast off the ally with Bastion.
  spells.2.description grab-pick,poke Taric readies a beam of starlight that, after a brief delay, deals magic damage and stuns enemies.
  spells.3.description protection Pulses cosmic energy onto nearby allied champions after a delay, making them invulnerable for a short duration.
Teemo ['Marksman', 'Mage']
Thresh ['Support', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description dive,grab-pick Thresh binds an enemy in chains and pulls them toward him. Activating this ability a second time pulls Thresh to the enemy.
  spells.1.description protection Thresh throws out a lantern that shields nearby allied Champions from damage. Allies can click the lantern to dash to Thresh.
Tristana ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.1.description assassination,dive Tristana fires at the ground to propel her to a distant location, dealing damage and slowing surrounding units for a brief period where she lands.
  spells.3.description poke Tristana loads a massive cannonball into her weapon and fires it at an enemy unit. This deals Magic Damage and knocks the target back. If the target is carrying the Explosive Charge bomb, the bomb detonation radius is doubled.
Trundle ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  passive.description frontline When an enemy unit dies near Trundle, he heals for a percent of its maximum Health.
Tryndamere ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Tryndamere slices toward a target unit, dealing damage to enemies in his path.
TwistedFate ['Mage', 'Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke Twisted Fate throws three cards, dealing damage to each enemy unit they pass through.
Twitch ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.3.description poke Twitch unleashes the full power of his crossbow, shooting bolts over a great distance that pierce all enemies caught in their path.
Udyr ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.1.description frontline Udyr gains a shield and his next two attacks heal him. Recast: Gain an even bigger shield and heal based on max health over the next couple seconds.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Udyr gains movement speed and his first attack against each target will Stun them. Recast: Gain even more movement speed and immunity to immobilizing effects for a couple seconds.
Urgot ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description poke Fires an explosive charge at the target location, dealing physical damage and slowing enemies caught in the explosion.
  spells.2.description dive,frontline,grab-pick Urgot charges in a direction, shielding himself and trampling non-champion enemies. If he catches an enemy champion, he will stop and hurl them out of his way.
Varus ['Marksman', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Varus readies and then fires a powerful shot that gains extra range and damage the longer he spends preparing to fire.
  spells.2.description poke Varus fires a hail of arrows that deal physical damage and desecrate the ground. Desecrated ground slows enemies' Move Speed and reduces their self healing and regeneration.
Vayne ['Marksman', 'Assassin']
  spells.2.description grab-pick,poke Vayne draws a heavy crossbow from her back, and fires a huge bolt at her target, knocking them back and dealing damage. If they collide with terrain, they are impaled, dealing bonus damage and stunning them.
Veigar ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Veigar unleashes a bolt of dark energy that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit. Units killed by this bolt grant Veigar some ability power permanently.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Veigar twists the edges of space, creating a cage that Stuns enemies that pass through.
Velkoz ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Vel'Koz shoots a bolt of plasma that splits in two on reactivation or upon hitting an enemy. The bolt slows and damages on hit.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Vel'Koz causes an area to explode, knocking up enemies, and knocking close enemies slightly away.
  spells.3.description poke Vel'Koz unleashes a channelled beam that follows the cursor for 2.5 seconds that deals magic damage. Organic Deconstruction Researches enemy champions causing them to take true damage instead.
Vex ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Launch a damaging missile that accelerates mid-flight.
  spells.3.description dive,poke Fire a missile that marks an enemy champion.  Recast to dash to them and deal damage.
Vi ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.3.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Vi runs down an enemy, knocking aside anyone in the way. When she reaches her target she knocks it into the air, jumps after it, and slams it back into the ground.
Viego ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Viego charges up before dashing forward, releasing a ball of concentrated Black Mist that stuns the first enemy hit.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive Viego teleports to a nearby location and executes an enemy champion on arrival, piercing their heart and causing a destructive shockwave around them that knocks away their allies.
Viktor ['Mage']
  spells.1.description grab-pick Viktor conjures a heavy gravitational field that slows enemies caught within its radius. Enemies who stay in the field for too long become stunned.  Augment: Viktor's spells apply a slow to enemies.
  spells.2.description poke Viktor uses his biomechanical arm to fire a Hextech Ray that cuts across the field in a line, dealing damage to all enemies in its path.  Augment: An explosion follows in the Hextech Ray's wake, dealing magic damage.
Vladimir ['Mage', 'Fighter']
Volibear ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Volibear gains speed towards enemies,  Stunning  and damaging the first one he Attacks.
  spells.2.description frontline,poke Volibear summons a lightning bolt at a location, dealing damage and Slowing enemies while granting Volibear a Shield if he's inside the blast radius.
  spells.3.description dive,frontline Volibear leaps to a target location, Slowing and damaging enemies beneath him while gaining bonus Health.  Enemy towers near his landing location become temporarily disabled.
Warwick ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description dive Warwick lunges forward and bites his target, dealing damage based on their maximum health and healing for damage dealt.
  spells.2.description frontline Warwick gains damage reduction for 2.5 seconds. At the end, or if re-activated, he howls, causing nearby enemies to flee for 1 second.
  spells.3.description dive,grab-pick Warwick leaps in a direction (scaling with his bonus Move Speed), suppressing the first champion he collides with for 1.5 seconds.
Xayah ['Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke Xayah throws two damaging daggers that also drop Feathers she can recall.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Xayah calls back all her dropped Feathers dealing damage and rooting enemies.
Xerath ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Fires a long-range beam of energy, dealing magic damage to all targets hit.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Deals magic damage to an enemy and stuns them.
XinZhao ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Xin Zhao's next 3 standard attacks deal increased damage with the third attack knocking an opponent into the air.
  spells.2.description dive Xin Zhao charges to an enemy, gaining increased Attack Speed and dealing damage to all enemies in the area, slowing them briefly. This Ability gains increased range against Challenged targets.
Yasuo ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Thrusts forward, damaging all enemies in a line.  On hit, grants a stack of Gathering Storm for a few seconds. At 2 stacks, Steel Tempest fires a whirlwind that knocks  Airborne .  Steel Tempest is treated as a basic attack and scales with all the same things.
  spells.2.description assassination,dive Dashes through target enemy, dealing magic damage. Each cast increases subsequent dash's damage, up to a max amount.  Cannot be re-cast on the same enemy for a few seconds.   If Steel Tempest is cast while dashing, it will strike as a circle.
  spells.3.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Blinks to an  Airborne  enemy champion, dealing physical damage and holding all  Airborne  enemies in the area in the air. Grants maximum Flow but resets all stacks of Gathering Storm.  For a moderate time afterwards, Yasuo's critical strikes gain significant Bonus Armor Penetration.
Yone ['Fighter', 'Assassin']
  spells.0.description assassination,dive,grab-pick Thrusts forward, damaging all enemies in a line.  On hit, grants a stack of Gathering Storm for a few seconds. At 2 stacks, Mortal Steel dashes Yone forward with a gust of wind knocking enemies  Airborne .
  spells.3.description grab-pick Yone blinks behind the last champion in a line with a slash so powerful it pulls all enemies hit towards him.
Yorick ['Fighter', 'Tank']
  spells.0.description frontline Yorick deals bonus damage on his next attack and heals himself. If the target is a champion or large monster or if the target dies, a grave will be dug.
  spells.2.description poke Yorick throws a globule of Black Mist that reduces armor, damages, slows and marks enemies. Summoned units gain move speed when moving towards marked targets.
Yuumi ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Yuumi fires a missile, dealing damage and slowing first target hit. It deals bonus damage and an enchanced slow if it takes at least 1.35 seconds to get to its target. While on her Best Friend, the slow is always enhanced and grants bonus On-Hit damage to her ally.  While Attached, the missile can be controlled with your cursor for a brief period.
  spells.1.description protection Yuumi dashes to a target ally, becoming untargetable from everything except turrets. While on her Best Friend, she gains Heal & Shield Power and grants her Ally On-Hit healing.
  spells.2.description protection Shields Yuumi and boosts Move Speed and Attack Speed. If she's attached, she passes it to her ally instead.
  spells.3.description protection Yuumi channels five waves that damage enemies and heal allies. Yuumi can move, attach, and cast Zoomies! while channeling. While on her Best Friend, this spell also follows her mouse.
Zaahen ['Fighter']
  spells.0.description grab-pick Zaahen slashes twice on his next attack, dealing bonus damage and healing himself. Zaahen can recast this ability to have his next attack deal bonus damage and knock up his target.
  spells.1.description grab-pick Zaahen stabs in a direction, damaging enemies hit, then pulls them toward him.
Zac ['Tank', 'Fighter']
  passive.description frontline Each time Zac hits an enemy with an ability, he sheds a chunk of himself that can be reabsorbed to restore Health. Upon taking fatal damage, Zac splits into 4 bloblets that attempt to recombine. If any bloblets remain, he will revive with an amount of Health depending on the Health of the surviving bloblets. Each bloblet has a percentage of Zac's maximum Health, Armor and Magic Resistance. This ability has a 5 minute cooldown.
  spells.0.description grab-pick Zac stretches an arm, grabbing an enemy. Attacking a different enemy will cause him to throw both targets towards each other.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Zac bounces four times, knocking up enemies hit and slowing them.
Zeri ['Marksman']
  spells.0.description poke Burst Fire shoots a burst of 7 rounds that deal attack damage to the first enemy hit. This Ability is treated as an Attack.
  spells.1.description poke Zeri fires an electric pulse that slows and damages the first enemy hit. If the pulse hits a wall it expands into a long range laser.
Ziggs ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Ziggs throws a bouncing bomb that deals magic damage.
Zilean ['Support', 'Mage']
  spells.0.description grab-pick,poke Tosses a bomb to target area that sticks to units that come near it (prioritizes Champions). It detonates after 3 seconds, dealing area of effect damage. If a Time Bomb is detonated early by another Time Bomb, it also stuns enemies.
Zoe ['Mage']
  spells.0.description poke Zoe fires a missile that she can redirect in flight. Deals more damage the longer it flies in a straight line.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Causes the target to become drowsy, then fall asleep. While asleep, the target's Magic Resist is reduced. The first source of damage that breaks the sleep is doubled, up to a cap.
Zyra ['Mage', 'Support']
  spells.0.description poke Thick vines spread through the ground and explode into spines, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area. If cast near a seed, Deadly Spines grows a Thorn Spitter plant, which fires at enemies from afar.
  spells.2.description grab-pick Zyra sends forth vines through the ground to ensnare her target, dealing damage and rooting enemies they come across. If cast near a seed, Grasping Roots grows a Vine Lasher, whose short range attacks reduce enemy Move Speed.
  spells.3.description grab-pick Zyra summons a twisted thicket at her target location, dealing damage to enemies as it expands and knocking them airborne as it contracts. Plants within the thicket are enraged.
